Assignment 3 Instructions 

For this assignment, you will be writing a grader that clones a series of student repos, checks out an assignment branch, runs some code that a student wrote and then grades the output. You will submit one bash script, but as you are writing the script you may need to only run parts of it in order to avoid duplicating work when debugging. 

1. For starters, check out your own repo from GitHub. This repo contains the following files: 
	- student_keys.txt: a series of fake wustl keys you will use to test your grading script.
	- expected_output.txt: the expected output of the students program for you to use to grade. 
	- expected_grade_output.txt: the expected output of your grader for the grades assigned to the students. 

2. Create a branch on your own repo and name it "cipher_grade_output". This is where you will submit the final grade output. 

Now write a bash script called "grading.sh". The exact command that we will use to test your script is as follows:

./grading.sh Cipher expected_output.txt output.txt < student_keys.txt

The first argument of the above command (Cipher) specifies the Java file/program to be executed. The second argument (expected_output.txt) specifies what the expected output from the students java code should be. The third argument (output.txt) is the name of the file in which the output from the student's Java code can be found after it is run. Please make sure to use these properly as arguments, if you hardcode these file names into your script you will lose points!

Your script should perform the following tasks:

1. Clone all of the repositories for the fake students using "student_keys.txt". Note that the URL for the repository looks like this: https://github.com/CSE237SP25/fake-WUSTL_KEY.git with the appropriate WUSTL_KEY substituted. 

2. Each repository has two branches - the master branch and a branch called "cipher". Check out the cipher branch to see the students' actual code. 

3. In the case that the student submitted the code past the deadline, you do not want to consider it in terms of grading. Therefore, you should only consider commits before the deadline of Wednesday February 5, 2025 at 10am Central Time. (HINT: There are multiple ways to do this, but some will be more straightforward than others. You are expected to do some searching online for solutions, so consider carefully what you are trying to do, then see if Google can help you out. ANOTHER BIG HINT: if you are using a long number that represents UNIX time then you are probably not doing it properly...) If the student submitted the assignment on time, then in this branch is a single file called Cipher.java. Compile this program as a Java class and run it for each student. It should run without any errors. If they did not submit it in time, they automatically get a 0.  

5. Go through the student repositories and check for two things: 
	1) Is the specified output file (output.txt) there?
	2) Is the output in correct based on the given expected output (expected_output.txt)?

6. If the output is correct, the student scores a 1. Otherwise, (either the assignment was late, the output did not exist, or the output was incorrect) the student scores a 0. Your script should print the student's grade once it is determined. 

Submission:

Commit your finished bash script to the "cipher_grade_output" branch of your repository, then go to your repository page on GitHub and submit a pull request for your branch. The grade for this assignment will be given to you as a comment on this pull request. You do NOT need to merge the branch.
